in the Heth of Southern Gaza a
Relentless baride Echoes destroying what
is left of Kan
yunus once a refuge now a battled ground
where the Wales of rockets perish the
silence here crowds gather United in
mourning their grief fills the air of
the European Hospital's
[Music]
Courtyard they killed our children they
killed our kids they killed our beloveds
they killed our
hearts this Palestinian boy is a l
Survivor in a family destroyed by
War we were in shti refugee camp and the
Israeli Army dropped Flyers saying that
Gaza is a battlefield so he fled to
canun because it was a safe
place
and they still bummed us they have
muttered my siblings and my
father and my youngest brother who was
in second grade and my eldest brother
who was in eighth grade my father and my
mother in a nearby walk a man finds it
difficult to accept the death of his
family
[Music]
member this father beds far will to his
precious son his search for a tent to
Shield his children has ended in a
heartbreak as the morg overflows with
the casualties of Israel's war on Gaza a
g reality sits in civil services are
struggling to reach the Trap civilians
under the rule Israel claims that there
are safe areas for civilians yet these
people are being shot at running uh to
cover trying to escape from the
Relentless bombardment tarazo El jazer
Raa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer